this is what it looks like when you take
it too far wait no this is just kidding
but that kind of Mobility helps you hold
a squat with your heels down just get
into a super wide stance and squat down
this is traditionally called the Horse
stance martial artists tend to get
heated when the toes are pointed out but
this is a video on hips not your tibo
femoral rotation so don't worry about
your feet just squat down and squeeze
out the legs as wide as they'll possibly
go when you do this you'll feel your
butt and thighs now here's where the
magic happens hinge from the hips and
sink down toward the floor as close as
possible you can either hold this for 30
seconds sets or you can do this for as
many reps feel good for you by doing
this exercise you're telling your body
that it's okay to stretch and bend your
hip and if you're trying to get your
middle split this is definitely an
essential one that you should add to
your routine it's one of the many
exercises that we'll be doing for middle
split November become a channel member
to play it's just $2.99 and you get 30
days of stretches stay flexy